David talks about his time in the United States with Choi.
David: You know, son, I was thinking about my time in the United States the other day... (Nostalgic)
Choi: Oh yeah? What were you thinking about, Dad? (Curious)
David: Well, I was remembering all the crazy things I used to do when I was younger. Like the time I went skydiving for the first time... (Excited)
Choi: Whoa, that sounds intense! Did you enjoy it? (Surprised)
David: Yeah, it was exhilarating! And then there were the late nights playing poker with friends... (Laughing) Oh boy, those were some wild times.
Choi: (laughs) I can imagine. You always had a way of making life interesting, Dad. (Proud)
David: (smiling) Thanks, son. I'm glad you think so. But it's funny, the more I think about my time in the States, the more I realize how much I took for granted. The freedom, the opportunities... (Reflective)
Choi: Yeah, Dad, we're lucky to have what we do here in Korea too. You've always been grateful for that, but it's good to hear you reflecting on your past experiences. (Grateful)
David: Yeah, you're right. I'm just glad I had the chance to experience so many different things and people. It's made me who I am today.

David: Hey son, I was just thinking about my time in the United States... (Nostalgic)
Choi: Oh yeah? What were you doing over there, Dad?
David: Well, I was working as an engineer and living in New York City. It was a crazy place to live - so many people, so much energy! (Excited)
Choi: That sounds amazing, Dad. I've always wanted to visit New York.
David: Yeah, it's definitely a city that has something for everyone. And the food! Oh man, you can get any kind of cuisine you want over there. (Smiling)
Choi: I bet. So, what was your favorite part about living in the States?
David: Hmm... I think it was just the sense of freedom and possibility. You could be anyone you wanted to be and do anything you set your mind to. (Reflective)
Choi: That sounds really inspiring, Dad.
David: Yeah, it was a great experience. And hey, I have a picture of myself from that time... let me get it. (Gets up and searches for the picture)
Choi: Oh yeah! I remember this one, Dad. You're standing in front of the Statue of Liberty with a big smile on your face.
David: That's right! I was so proud to be an American, even if only for a little while. (Laughs)
Choi: Yeah, Dad, that's a great picture. You look really happy.
David: Ah, yeah... those were good times. I miss it sometimes, but I'm glad I got to experience it. (Smiling)
Choi: Yeah, me too, Dad. It sounds like you had a lot of fun over there.
David: Oh, yeah! And the people! So many interesting and unique characters. You could meet someone from anywhere in the world and have a great conversation... (Trails off)
Choi: Dad? Are you okay?
David: What was that? Oh, right! Yeah, I'm fine. Just getting old, I guess. (Laughs)
Choi: (laughs) Yeah, maybe a little bit, Dad.
David: So, what do you think about the States? Have you ever thought about moving there?
Choi: Actually, yeah... I've always been interested in the idea of living abroad and experiencing a new culture. Maybe one day we'll make it happen.
David: That's great! I think that would be an amazing experience for you. (Smiling)
Choi: Yeah, me too. Thanks for sharing your stories with me, Dad. It's always nice to hear about your adventures.
David: Aw, thanks kiddo. It's always fun to reminisce and share my experiences with you. (Pauses) You know, I think I might have some more old pictures around here somewhere... want to take a look?
Choi: Yeah, sure thing, Dad!

Choi found out about David Alzheimer disease and:
David: Hey son, what's going on? You look worried. (Concerned)
Choi: Dad... I have some bad news. The doctor said you have Alzheimer's disease. (Sad)
David: (stunned) What?! No, that can't be right! (Denial)
Choi: I'm so sorry, Dad. I know this is a lot to take in. But we need to face the reality and start making plans for your care. (Concerned)
David: (angrily) How could this happen? I was always careful with my health... (Angry)
Choi: Dad, it's not because of anything you did or didn't do. It's just a disease that affects millions of people. We'll get through this together, okay? (Caring)
David: (tearfully) Okay... I guess so. But what does this mean for me? For us? (Fearful)
Choi: We'll figure it out as we go along, Dad. But first, let's focus on getting you the best care possible and making sure you're comfortable. (Supportive)
David: So, what's going on? You said something about... (pauses) wait, what were we talking about again? (Confused)
Choi: Dad, remember when I told you about your Alzheimer's diagnosis? (Patiently)
David: Diagnosis? What are you talking about? (Forgetful)
Choi: Your doctor said you have Alzheimer's disease. We need to start making plans for your care... (Frustrated)
David: Plans? Care? What are we planning? (Confused)
Choi: Dad, focus! We're trying to figure out what to do about your condition. (Anxious)
David: Condition? What condition? (Forgetful)
Choi: Alzheimer's disease, Dad! You have it! (Firmly)
David: Alzheimer's... what's that again? (Forgetting)

David: Hey son, remember that time I went skydiving for the first time in the United States? (Excited)
Choi: Yeah, Dad! You told me about it before. You said you were so scared but also exhilarated at the same time. (Smiling)
David: That's right! It was a crazy experience. So, I was standing at the edge of the plane, and my instructor is telling me to jump out... (pauses) wait, what was his name again? (Forgetful)
Choi: Dad, it doesn't matter. Just tell the story.
David: Oh yeah! Right. So, I'm standing there, and he's saying "Ready, set, go!" And I'm thinking to myself, "What am I doing?! This is insane!" (Laughs)
Choi: (laughs) Yeah, Dad, you were always a bit of an adrenaline junkie.
David: (chuckles) Yeah, maybe. So, we jump out of the plane, and it's like... whoa! The wind rushing past me, the ground looking so tiny... it was amazing! (Excited)
Choi: (smiling) I remember you telling me about that part, Dad.
David: (pauses) Wait, what were we talking about again? (Forgetful)
Choi: (laughs) Skydiving, Dad. You were telling me a story about your first skydiving experience.
David: Oh yeah! Right. So, after the jump... (trails off)